Reviewer #1: The manuscript introduces the PyQBench software for benchmarking NISQ devices by verifying their ability to discriminate between two von Neumann measurements. Overall, the paper is well-written, has a sound mathematical basis, and provides a clear overview of the introduced software. In my opinion, the weakest part of the paper is the lack of a more detailed analysis of the pros and cons of the suggested benchmarking scheme and its thorough comparison with other existing NISQ benchmarking schemes. Thus, I recommend a minor revision where I would ask the authors to better describe advantages and disadvantages of the suggested NISQ benchmarking scheme with respect to other existing NISQ benchmarking techniques. Although the focus of the paper is the PyQBench software, I find it important for the reader to have a clear understanding where and how the underlying NISQ benchmarking technique and corresponding software are superior to other available techniques and software. Other than that, there are a few other suggestions I would like the authors to incorporate in their paper:
1. When discussing the existing quantum computing frameworks, the Introduction should also mention the XACC framework which is known for its cross-architectural as well as cross-language portability (https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/2058-9565/ab6bf6). Additionally, the recent CUDA-Quantum framework backed by NVIDIA (https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum) is worth mentioning as well.
2. The cross-entropy benchmarking technique used in the validation of the Sycamore-53 QPU in quantum supremacy experiments (https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-019-1666-5) should also be mentioned in the Introduction (https://www.nature.com/articles/s41567-018-0124-x).
3. The generalization of the suggested benchmarking technique to multiple qubits should be described in more detail, explicitly mentioning whether the complexity of the derivation and actual benchmarking depends on the number of qubits.
4. The references in Supplementary Materials are unresolved.
